Project Name:Ally Inc

1.It's HeadQuaters is in Detroit Michigan(U.S)
2.Ally Provides financial services including car finnance,vehicle insurance,mortgage loans.
3.This Project Comes under Banking and Financial Domain(BFS).
4.This projet uses Agile Methodology.
5.Ally provides loans to vehicles which included both (Two-Wheelers and Four Wheelers).
6.Ally also provides Vehicle insurance to its customers for both two wheelers and Four wheelers.
7.Our Development Team will be Developing the application as per the business requirement and we will be automating it and testing the application.
8.This Software Application will be used by the bank's people (i.e)who are working in bank for their internal purpose.
9.In this Project there are 'n'number of modules are available like "Registration Module","Customer Vehicle Registration Module","Insurance policy module,"
"Vehicle Loan Module","Mortgage Loan Module".
10.In Registration Module we will be Validating the Customer's Name,Mobile Number,pan card(10 digits),passport Number,
email id,Address,occupation details,Salary Details and also we will be validating the mandatory fields as well.
11.In the Customer Vehicle Registration Module we will be Validating the  vehicle price and Vehicle Model.
12.The Vehicle Models availabe in U.S will be available in the drop-down.We will be validating it too.
13.ThE Customer Vehicle Registration Module consists of Vehicle Registration Date,Policy Start Date,Vehicle Price and so on.
14.In Vehicle Insurance Module we will be validating the insurance type and the insurance types available,price and its coverages,insurance start date,
insurance end date,insurance renewal date type of payment and so on.
15.Coverage Details in Car insurance includes:
      i)Bumper to Bumper
      ii)Loss of Baggage
      iii)Road Side Assistance
      
16)We will also be calculating  and validating the intrest % based on the customer's  salary package and the loan amount.


Insurance:
It is defined as a contract,which is called as a policy,in which an induvidual or organisation receives financial protection and reimbursement of damages 
from insurer or the insurance company.At a very basic level it is some form of protection from any possible financial losses.

Asset:
An Asset is anything of value or resource of value that can be converted into cash.

Debt:
Debt is the amount of money Borrowed by a person from another party/bank.
